this is from tonight's episode of
Jeopardy where the answer was the most
adorable answer yet job in TV 4000
Guillermo Rodriguez is much more than
just a security guard on this late-night
talk show Cara um what is Jimmy Kimmel
that's right
[Applause]
[Music]
Oh
[Applause]
welcome to the Guillermo show please say
hello to my band hello can you hear what
President Donald Trump has for dessert
in peach pie
[Applause]
[Music]
demo demo what are you doing I'm hosting
my show what are you doing
I mostly my show you're supposed to be
here with me I know but Jimmy I want to
consciously uncouple for a little bit
consciously uncouple for a little bit oh
my god well that's not nice
sorry about that he's very annoying my
guests tonight are in the New York yes
tonight what yes I have a guest tonight
all right and then the new movies
Zombieland double tap is in theatres
October 18 they're all great actors and
this is the favorite show say como estas
to Woody Harrelson Emma Stone
[Applause]
[Music]
lucky remote you have woody and Jessie
and Abigail on your show Jessie I'm very
hot so please be quiet
sorry about that he's so boring hello
everybody is acting fun yeah not as much
as being on here though yeah tell me
about your new movie
Zombieland double tap it's really fun
really fun fantastic okay okay it is
time to play
[Applause]
[Music]
wait what's parking lot
torqulon's when you leave you may like
go home yeah what do you like go home oh
okay well then I've got tequila shot I
guess yeah one more okay well and do you
guys how about Cape with a movie I guess
we there should be a cliff yeah okay
alright drink tequila and roll the clip
[Applause]
[Music]
Wow that was a very good clip thank you
for being in my show woody Harrison Emma
Stone Jesse Eisenberg
Abigail Breslin tombola double tap you
know 318 we'll be right back with the
beautiful Regina King
[Music]
[Applause]
oh the Guillermo show doesn't validate
well he said you would yeah he did
I'll take care of that unbelievable when
did they get hats right after the show
there you go all right no no we got to
go to those Zombieland come here sir
yeah I'm so much
yamo all right
Gemma's got a lot to do tonight hi I'm
Jimmy Kimmel I hope you enjoyed that
video hit subscribe and all your dreams
will come true
assuming your dreams are to watch more
YouTube videos